Stuff in parentheses are queues for video stuff. Remember to only use
features I've introduced in the video.

C-x C-f
C-_
C-k
C-y

====

Need to time this script, come up with a video and get the video
editing set up working again.

====
C-x C-f is actually a lot more powerful than I let on in lesson 1. The
simplest common use is as a file browser. If you put in a directory
name instead of a file name (highlight minibuffer doing this), it will
open that directory (switch to dired). You can navigate this menu with
the arrow keys and open files or directories by hitting enter while
your cursor is over the corresponding line (demonstrate navigating
directories and entering a file while talking). C-x C-f is similar to
modern editor's C-o

C-_ is undo. It's very similar to C-z in modern editors. You can hold
C-_ down or hold Ctrl while hitting _ to undo multiple things. To
redo, press any command other than undo (such as down arrow) and hit
undo, which undos the previous undo.

C-k is kill-line, which is very similar to cut in modern operating
systems. emacs has something called a "killring" which, utility wise,
is very closely related to the clipboard (which is where things are
stored from cut and copy). When you hit C-k, the current line is
placed on the kill ring. As long as you hold down Ctrl, you can hold
down or repeatedly hit k to cut multiple lines. If you releast Ctrl,
press it back down and start killing lines again, it will overwrite
what was in the killring. Note that C-k will either kill a line up
until a newline, or an empty line. This means to entirely delete a
line with C-k, you have to hit k twice. I often use C-k for both cut
and pasting lines and for getting rid of lines. It's a very fast way
to delete a line.

C-y is yank, which is more or less paste from modern operating
systems. Yank takes whatever is currently in the killring, places it
at the cursor and moves the cursor to the end of what it pastes (or
yanks). Just like C-k, you can hold oy repeatedly hit y to repeat the
command. Unlike C-k, if you release Ctrl nothing changes. C-y doesn't
overwrite anything.

====
